
═════════════

The woflcorp. I/EAS-3lectron is a hyperfast Insert/Extract Assault Shuttle designed to work with RE 1.x requirements. The ship is at 100,000 CPU as spawns so requires extra cores to run and is designed to have a shield and boosters added. it requires level 25 technologies to build.

The 3lectron Class is an updated I/EAS with the sathium-reinforced steel composite Levit8-Aero™ ablative ultra-aerodynamic armour stripped off the front/upper and a total bare bones skeleton fitted out for consumer choice of shield/booster configuration. the shell of armour remains around the core/underside just for extra protection and as before there is no monocoque hull - the ship components are the structure. this particular ship is the 'Shogun' - a ship that distinguished itself by taking part in a spec. ops. mission to launch an EMP Cruise Missile from an extreme vector right through an atmospheric battle involving an Ares class battleship so allowing it to be stolen in a a blatant act of industrial espionage to then be upgraded in many ingenious ways. this I/EAS-3lectron had twin rail guns, a pair of pulse laser cannon instead of the traditional second pair of railguns and a central rocket launcher as well as the full complement of 4x minigun turrets. it was flown on the mission in question with 21 generators running an advanced heavy shield, 4 shield capacitors and 2 shield chargers with the rest of the ship entirely fuel tanks, all employing the latest in woflcorp. advanced upgraded shield technology.

so much ammo was loaded on there were two munitions storage boxes, and a full complement of every current small vessel scanning device.the vessel is set up to have a pilot in one cockpit whilst an archaically terrmed  'navigator' occupies the other. ofc. this navigator in fact is the systems specialist running weapons, scanning and general ship overall systems setup.

═════════════

"so this is the actual one?"
"yup - flew right through an active battle, launched a cruise miss'le and cleared out without gettin caught!"
" damn - so that's what those big mount points are underneath - the missile brackets- a custom mounting?"
"yeah - thing can drag like 5kt so it dint even notice the weight of the miss'le and of course it don't affect aerodynamics none"
"whoawww... took down an Ares class on it's own, with no damage to the Ares class or even gettin' spotted - beautiful"
"we can take it out for a spin later if you like - it can flip all axes on it's own length full tilt!"
"hecc yeah - i'll grab the big rifle and we can go dino huntin in the forest!"
"sure thing!"
"anyways, let's start fuelling - again..."

═════════════